README.md, before:

# DGT RPC Client

A powerful and flexible Python client for interacting with DgteraERP systems via XML-RPC protocol, specifically designed for DGTera environments.

## Overview

This package provides a robust interface to connect to Dgterainstances, authenticate, and perform operations on Dgteramodels. It's particularly optimized for working with Point of Sale (POS) systems in DGTera environments, allowing administrators to efficiently monitor and manage multiple POS configurations across different databases.

## Features

- **Simple Authentication**: Support for both API key and username/password authentication
- **Flexible Configuration**: Connect to multiple Dgterainstances with different credentials
- **POS Management**: Specialized methods for working with POS configurations
- **Order Tracking**: Easily retrieve and analyze POS order data
- **Performance Optimized**: Implements connection pooling and authentication caching
- **Comprehensive Error Handling**: Detailed error reporting and logging
- **Well Documented**: Complete docstrings and usage examples

## Installation

Before installing, ensure that you have Python 3.6 or later. You can install the DGT RPC Client directly from PyPI:

```bash
pip install dgt-rpc
```

## Quick Start

```python
from dgt_rpc import DgtClient, DgtPOSClient

# Create a client
client = DgtClient(
    url="https://your-Dgtera-instance.com",
    db="your_database",
    api_key="your_api_key"
)

# Authenticate
uid = client.authenticate()
if uid:
    print(f"Successfully authenticated with UID: {uid}")
    
    # Search for partners
    partners = client.search_read(
        model='res.partner',
        domain=[('customer_rank', '>', 0)],
        fields=['name', 'email', 'phone'],
        limit=5
    )
    
    # Display results
    for partner in partners:
        print(f"Partner: {partner['name']}, Email: {partner.get('email', 'N/A')}")
```

## POS Client Example

```python
from dgt_rpc import DgtPOSClient

# Create a POS client
pos_client = DgtPOSClient(
    url="https://admin-instance.Dgtera.com",
    db="admin_db",
    api_key="admin_api_key"
)

# Get POS configurations for a specific database
pos_configs = pos_client.get_pos_data("retail_db")

# Get orders for each POS
for pos_config in pos_configs:
    orders = pos_client.get_pos_orders(pos_config, "retail_db")
    
    print(f"\nOrders for POS: {pos_config.get('pos_name')}")
    
    if 'newest' in orders and orders['newest']:
        newest = orders['newest'][0]
        print(f"Latest order: {newest['name']} on {newest['date_order']}")
        
    if 'oldest' in orders and orders['oldest']:
        oldest = orders['oldest'][0]
        print(f"First order: {oldest['name']} on {oldest['date_order']}")
```

## Configuration

The client can be configured in several ways:

### 1. During Initialization

```python
client = DgtClient(
    url="https://your-Dgtera-instance.com",
    db="your_database",
    username="your_username",
    password="your_password"
    # OR
    # api_key="your_api_key"
)
```

### 2. Environment Variables

```python
import os
from dgt_rpc import DgtClient

os.environ['Dgtera_URL'] = "https://your-Dgtera-instance.com"
os.environ['Dgtera_DB'] = "your_database"
os.environ['Dgtera_API_KEY'] = "your_api_key"

# Client will use environment variables if no parameters are provided
client = DgtClient.from_environment()
```

### 3. Configuration File

Create a configuration file at `~/.dgt_rpc.conf` or specify a path:

```ini
[default]
url = https://your-Dgtera-instance.com
db = your_database
api_key = your_api_key

[production]
url = https://production.Dgtera.com
db = prod_db
username = admin
password = secure_password
```

Then load the configuration:

```python
from dgt_rpc import DgtClient

# Load the default profile
client = DgtClient.from_config()

# Or specify a profile
prod_client = DgtClient.from_config(profile="production")
```

## Advanced Usage

### Custom Model Methods

```python
# Call any method on any model
result = client.execute(
    model='product.product',
    method='get_product_multiline_description_sale',
    [product_id]
)
```

### Batch Operations

```python
# Create multiple records efficiently
product_ids = client.create_batch(
    model='product.product',
    values_list=[
        {'name': 'Product 1', 'list_price': 100},
        {'name': 'Product 2', 'list_price': 200},
        {'name': 'Product 3', 'list_price': 300},
    ]
)
```

### Error Handling

```python
from dgt_rpc import DgtClient, DgtException

client = DgtClient(url="https://your-Dgtera-instance.com")

try:
    client.authenticate(db="db", api_key="invalid_key")
except DgtException as e:
    print(f"Authentication failed: {e}")
```

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

## License

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2023 DGTera

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Update README.md: Add comprehensive documentation for DGT RPC Client, including installation prerequisites, expanded content sections, and improved structure for user guidance.

README.md, after:

# DGT RPC Client Documentation

Welcome to the documentation for the DGT RPC Client, a powerful Python library for interacting with DgteraERP systems via XML-RPC.

## Contents
- [Installation](installation.md)
- [Getting Started](getting_started.md)
- [Usage Examples](usage_examples.md)
- [API Reference](api_reference.md)
- [Configuration](configuration.md)
- [Advanced Usage](advanced_usage.md)
- [Troubleshooting](troubleshooting.md)
- [Contributing](contributing.md)
- [License](../LICENSE)
- [Support](support.md)

# DGT RPC Client

A powerful and flexible Python client for interacting with DgteraERP systems via XML-RPC protocol, specifically designed for DGTera environments.

## Overview

This package provides a robust interface to connect to Dgterainstances, authenticate, and perform operations on Dgteramodels. It's particularly optimized for working with Point of Sale (POS) systems in DGTera environments, allowing administrators to efficiently monitor and manage multiple POS configurations across different databases.

## Features

- **Simple Authentication**: Support for both API key and username/password authentication
- **Flexible Configuration**: Connect to multiple Dgterainstances with different credentials
- **POS Management**: Specialized methods for working with POS configurations
- **Order Tracking**: Easily retrieve and analyze POS order data
- **Performance Optimized**: Implements connection pooling and authentication caching
- **Comprehensive Error Handling**: Detailed error reporting and logging
- **Well Documented**: Complete docstrings and usage examples

## Installation

## Prerequisites
- Python 3.6 or later

## Install with pip

Before installing, ensure that you have Python 3.6 or later. You can install the DGT RPC Client directly from PyPI:

```bash
pip install dgt-rpc
```

## Quick Start

```python
from dgt_rpc import DgtClient, DgtPOSClient

# Create a client
client = DgtClient(
    url="https://your-Dgtera-instance.com",
    db="your_database",
    api_key="your_api_key"
)

# Authenticate
uid = client.authenticate()
if uid:
    print(f"Successfully authenticated with UID: {uid}")
    
    # Search for partners
    partners = client.search_read(
        model='res.partner',
        domain=[('customer_rank', '>', 0)],
        fields=['name', 'email', 'phone'],
        limit=5
    )
    
    # Display results
    for partner in partners:
        print(f"Partner: {partner['name']}, Email: {partner.get('email', 'N/A')}")
```

## POS Client Example

```python
from dgt_rpc import DgtPOSClient

# Create a POS client
pos_client = DgtPOSClient(
    url="https://admin-instance.Dgtera.com",
    db="admin_db",
    api_key="admin_api_key"
)

# Get POS configurations for a specific database
pos_configs = pos_client.get_pos_data("retail_db")

# Get orders for each POS
for pos_config in pos_configs:
    orders = pos_client.get_pos_orders(pos_config, "retail_db")
    
    print(f"\nOrders for POS: {pos_config.get('pos_name')}")
    
    if 'newest' in orders and orders['newest']:
        newest = orders['newest'][0]
        print(f"Latest order: {newest['name']} on {newest['date_order']}")
        
    if 'oldest' in orders and orders['oldest']:
        oldest = orders['oldest'][0]
        print(f"First order: {oldest['name']} on {oldest['date_order']}")
```

## Configuration

The client can be configured in several ways:

### 1. During Initialization

```python
client = DgtClient(
    url="https://your-Dgtera-instance.com",
    db="your_database",
    username="your_username",
    password="your_password"
    # OR
    # api_key="your_api_key"
)
```

### 2. Environment Variables

```python
import os
from dgt_rpc import DgtClient

os.environ['Dgtera_URL'] = "https://your-Dgtera-instance.com"
os.environ['Dgtera_DB'] = "your_database"
os.environ['Dgtera_API_KEY'] = "your_api_key"

# Client will use environment variables if no parameters are provided
client = DgtClient.from_environment()
```

### 3. Configuration File

Create a configuration file at `~/.dgt_rpc.conf` or specify a path:

```ini
[default]
url = https://your-Dgtera-instance.com
db = your_database
api_key = your_api_key

[production]
url = https://production.Dgtera.com
db = prod_db
username = admin
password = secure_password
```

Then load the configuration:

```python
from dgt_rpc import DgtClient

# Load the default profile
client = DgtClient.from_config()

# Or specify a profile
prod_client = DgtClient.from_config(profile="production")
```

## Advanced Usage

### Custom Model Methods

```python
# Call any method on any model
result = client.execute(
    model='product.product',
    method='get_product_multiline_description_sale',
    [product_id]
)
```

### Batch Operations

```python
# Create multiple records efficiently
product_ids = client.create_batch(
    model='product.product',
    values_list=[
        {'name': 'Product 1', 'list_price': 100},
        {'name': 'Product 2', 'list_price': 200},
        {'name': 'Product 3', 'list_price': 300},
    ]
)
```

### Error Handling

```python
from dgt_rpc import DgtClient, DgtException

client = DgtClient(url="https://your-Dgtera-instance.com")

try:
    client.authenticate(db="db", api_key="invalid_key")
except DgtException as e:
    print(f"Authentication failed: {e}")
```

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

## License

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2023 DGTera

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
